QA (landing pages & reference) (#187)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/routing/expressions.md

  - /gateway/routing/
---

> {{ page.description | liquify }} Expressions can be used to perform tasks such as defining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} includes a rule-based engine using a domain-specific expressions language. Expressions can be used to perform tasks such as defining
```
